## Portfolio of Mr.John is ready! 
**“ Aiming for perfection is an impossible task. Learn to determine when your code is ‘good enough’ to meet the core requirements. Let go of unattainable standards and embrace imperfection to a reasonable extent.”**

For the last few days, I worked on the footer and featured work. I was quite busy with my college’s fest due to which I was not able to give my 100% to this task for almost three to four days.   Footer was easy to do as it didn’t require the media query because center alignment did all the tasks and within no time Then moved on to the featured work, everything was going great until the border-bottom(which I got to know now), was given in the form of image in the Figma file and I was not able to shorten that by any means. Struggled a lot until my mentor came to the rescue.

After doing all my tasks, the design looked great at first so I finally pushed the code for review.

My mentor reviewed the code and appreciated me along with some room for improvement was told.

The comments were:

-use the shorthand property of margin instead of writing all of them separately.

Sol:This was something I should do but eventually forgot, while writing the code.

-This looks like a primary font. So instead of applying it on all the elements one by one just put this on the body tag. When you want to apply some other font then only use this property.

Sol:Honestly, I have not gone through the font family altogether and chose to do that differently but eventually, got a lesson to pay attention to the fonts as well at the first glance. 

-Recent posts and Views shouldn't be that far. Take reference from the design.

Sol:This stuck me until the very last day and the solution was max-width 😥

-These two below sections are not matching. The same goes for the below two blocks

Sol:It was due to the difference in font color and family, solved it there and then.

-The divider between two rows is not matching up with the design.

Sol:Finally, the last one and the solution again was margin: auto and max-width.

This task was not a difficult one but due to breaks it just got lingered down!

Anyways, moving on to the next step very soon!!

Why not have the look at the [site] (https://deploy-preview-2--astounding-conkies-68c46b.netlify.app/)

Until our paths cross again, virtually!

~J GILL
