## Done with the course!

Finally, done with the course and ended it on functions!!

Functions are not new it is the same as we had been studying in the other programming languages!

Functions in JavaScript are reusable blocks of code that can be executed on demand. They can take input parameters and return output values, making them a powerful tool for organizing and structuring code.

Example:
```
function add(a, b) {
  return a + b;
}
```
In this example, add is the function name, and a and b are the input parameters. The function body contains a single statement that returns the sum of a and b. When this function is called with two arguments, it returns its sum.
We have two ways to define the functions:
1. **Function Declaration**: we can call this function before defining it
```
walk();
function walk(){
    console.log('walk');
}
```
It has no semi-colon here

2. **Function Expression**: we can declare a variable as a function
```
let run=function(){//we can have the name or not it's not an issue.let run=function walk
    console.log('run');
};
```
Another concept is **Hoisting** it is moving function declarations to the top of the file, it is done automatically. In the above example, we have called the walk function before defining it and it is valid too!

Next is **Rest operator**, The rest operator in JavaScript is represented by three consecutive dots (...) and is used to capture a variable number of arguments into a single array. It is often used in function definitions to allow for a variable number of arguments to be passed in, which can be useful when the exact number of arguments is unknown or can vary.
```
function sum(...numbers) {
  return numbers.reduce((total, number) => total + number, 0);
}

console.log(sum(1, 2, 3)); // 6
console.log(sum(1, 2, 3, 4, 5)); // 15

```
Then are the **default parameters**, which remain constant throughout the application example
```
function interest(principal,rate=3.5,years=5){//The last values should have default values
    //Default values
    rate=rate ||3.5;
    years=years||5;
    return principal*rate/100*years;
}
console.log(interest(100000))
```

Upnext, are the **getters and setters**, Getters and setters are special methods in JavaScript that allow for more controlled access to object properties. They are used to get and set the values of object properties, respectively.
Example:
```
const user = {
  firstName: 'ABC',
  lastName: 'DEF',
  
  get name() {
    return `${this.firstName} ${this.lastName}`;
  },
  
  set name(value) {
    const parts = value.split(' ');
    this.firstName = parts[0];
    this.lastName = parts[1];
  }
};

console.log(user.name); // ABC DEF

user.name = 'Jasmine Gill’;
console.log(user.firstName); // Jasmine
console.log(user.lastName); // Gill
console.log(user.name); // Jasmine Gill
```
In this example, the user object has a name property defined using a getter and a setter. The getter returns the value of firstName and lastName combined as a string, while the setter splits the input value into firstName and lastName and assigns them to the corresponding properties.

To access the name property, we can simply use dot notation (user.name). When we assign a new value to name (user.name = 'Jasmine Gill'), the setter is automatically called and the firstName and lastName properties are updated accordingly.

This blog marks the end of the course by Mosh Hamedani, It was quite informative but still, I am confused about the use cases. This is the beginner level course and then of course as it is said it’s just a way which can be followed how to walk comes with practice.

See you virtually very soonn!!
