## Objects in JS!!
Objects in JavaScript took a lot of time, but it is essential to go in-depth about the topic for better understanding regardless of the time taken! So, let’s dive into the topic!

Objects were not simple as they seemed as this concept is completely new because it is not included in many programming languages. The basic definition of an object is the datatype which is used to represent a collection of related data or functionality. An object is a data structure that stores data as key-value pairs, where the keys are strings that identify the values.
example:
```
const person = {
  name: 'Jasmine Gill',
  age: 21,
  address: {
    city: 'Ludhiana',
    state: 'Punjab'
  },
  hobbies: ['music', 'b', 'c']
};
```
Here the object is **“person”** and properties are **name, age, address and more**. The objects can be accessed using dot notation 

Example:
```
console.log(person.name)//Jasmine Gill
```
Adding the new properties is also an easy task using the simple syntax:
```
person.job = 'Internship';
```
Next is **Factory Function**, which is a function that returns an object. The purpose of a factory function is to create and return a new object each time it is called. The naming convention is the camelNotation. 

Up next, is the **constructor function**. It is a special function that is used to create and initialize objects created with the new keyword. Constructor functions are used to create multiple objects with similar properties and behavior, and they are often used to create custom data types (also known as classes) in JavaScript.

The difference lies in the notations, the constructor functions are used notations used here PascalNotation is used rather than a camel. Moreover, instead of returning the object, we use the **‘this’** keyword. This type of function is used by experienced developers rather the beginners. 

Additionally, the **objects are dynamic** we can add or delete the key values as per our requirements. 

In JavaScript, every object has a **constructor property** that refers to the function that was used to create the object. The constructor property is an important feature of JavaScript's prototype-based inheritance model.
Example:
```
function Person(name, age) {
  this.name = name;
  this.age = age;
}

const john = new Person('Gill’, 30);

console.log(gill.constructor); // logs 'Person'
```
In this example, the Gill object was created using the Person constructor function, so its constructor property refers to the Person function. This allows you to identify the type of an object at runtime and to check whether an object is an instance of a particular class.

Another topic, which was covered was **value and reference types**, where values are primitives which include numbers, strings, boolean, symbols, undefined and null whereas reference types are objects, functions, arrays, and more. The difference between them lies in the fact that primitives are copied by value whereas objects are copied by references. 

Next, **Enumerating the properties** of an object means listing all the properties or attributes that belong to that object. In JavaScript, you can use the for...in the loop to enumerate all the enumerable properties of an object.

Example:
```
const person = {
  name: 'Jasmine',
  age: 21,
  gender: 'female'
};

for (let property in person) {
  console.log(property + ': ' + person[property]);
}
```
**Cloning of objects** can be done using two types:

  1.**Object. assign**: It copies properties or methods from one or more source objects and we can use it to clone or combine multiple objects into a single object. 
	Example:
  ```
    Const another=object.assign({}, circle); where the circle is the object to be copied.
 ```
  2. **Spread operator**: It takes all the properties and methods
 Example: 
 ```
 const another={...circle};
```
**Garbage Collection**: In another language, while creating the objects we need to allocate and deallocate a memory location but this task is automatically done in JavaScript it has a garbage collector whose role is to find the variable or constant, which are no longer used and deallocate the memory so that it can be used by some another variable.

These were all of the very basics of the concepts that I went through while studying objects where apart from these I got to know about the built-in functions too like maths, date, and more which can be given a quick glance from the official documentation!!

To make the concepts clearer, I got hands-on exercises where I was able to complete ⅚ all on my own and this feels so good!!!

A lot for this blog, see you on the next one on Arrays!!

~J GILL

