## JavaScript it is!!

Hey There!!

I finally started the journey of becoming a front-end developer with a whole swing and my mentor suggested me to complete the course provided by Mr.Mosh Hamedani. 
So, Javascript is basically used to make interactive websites. Earlier it was only used in browsers but today it is used in making web-mobile, games, networking, and whatnot.

So the main question arises how can we link the HTML with CSS, to accomplish this we have two ways. One linking it to the head element and the other to the body element, after HTML because the browsers parse from top to bottom. 

Moving on, the following is a brief introduction to the basic concepts(building blocks) of JavaScript:

1. **Variables**: Variables store the data temporarily in our computer and let keyword is used to define it and can be manipulated throughout your code.
```
 let name='JasmineGill';
```
2. **Constant**: Constant as the name suggests, is used for the values which are meant to be fixed and not changed.  The “const” keyword is used to define it.
 ```
 const interestRate=0.3;
 ```
3. **Data Types**: There are two data types one is primitive which includes number, string, boolean, undefined, and null whereas the second one is reference type which includes arrays functions, etc.
```
let name='jasmineGill';//String Literal
let age=21;//number literal
let isApproved=true;//boolean true or false
let firstName;//undefined
let middlename=undefined;//another example of undefined
let lastName=null;//null
```

4. **Dynamic Typing**: JS is different from the other programming languages because JS is a dynamic language. So basically we have two types one is static which means that the type of variable is fixed and won’t change whereas in dynamic it can be changed at the run-time.

5. **Objects**: In JavaScript, an object is a data type that represents a collection of related data or functionality. It is a container that can hold values, properties, and methods.An object literal is a comma-separated list of name-value pairs wrapped in curly braces.
For Example:
```
let person={
    name: 'Jasmine',//key1
    age: 21//key2
};
```
Here the person is the object and the name and age are the entities.

6. **Arrays**: An array, as we have been studying in almost every programming language is a data structure that stores a collection of values. These values can be of any data type, including strings, numbers, booleans, objects, and even other arrays.
To create an array in JavaScript, you can use square brackets and separate the values with commas
```
let selectedColors=['red','blue'];
```
7.**Functions**: I don’t think we need an introduction to the functions I mean this is always on our mind but a small intro would be Functions are used to organize code into reusable modules and to make the code easier to read and maintain.
In JavaScript,we can use the function keyword followed by the function name and the function body enclosed in curly braces:
```
function greetings(name){
    console.log('Hello! '+ name);
}
greetings('Jasmine Gill');
```

This was the very basic information that I gathered through the course today!

Stay tuned for the further concepts!!!
