## Controling JS with Control Flow Statements!

Control Flow Statements, as the name suggests are used to execute code based on certain conditions. There are number of control flow statements in JavaScript which includes:

1. **If/Else statements**: These statements are used to execute code based on a specific condition. If the condition is true, a certain block of code is executed. If the condition is false, another block of code is executed.
```
let hour = 10;
if(hour>= 6 && hour<12){
    console.log('Good Morning!');
}
else if(hour>=12 && hour<18){
    console.log('Good Afternoon!')
}
else{
    console.log('Good Evening!')
}
```

2.**Switch statements**: These statements are used to execute code based on multiple possible conditions. The switch statement evaluates an expression, and then executes code based on the value of that expression.
```
let role='guest';
switch(role){
    case 'guest':
        console.log('Guest User');
        break;
    case 'Moderator':
        console.log('Moderator User');
        break;
    default:
        console.log('Unknown User')
}
```

3. **For loops**: These statements are used to execute code repeatedly for a specific number of times. The for loop consists of an initialization statement, a condition statement, and an increment statement.
```
for (let i=0; i<5;i++){
    console.log('Hello world')
}
```
4. **While loops**: These statements are used to execute code repeatedly as long as a certain condition is true.
```
let i=0;
while(i<=5){
    if (i%2 !==0) console.log(i);
    i++;
}
```

5. **Do/While loops**: These statements are similar to while loops, but the code is executed at least once, even if the condition is false.
```
let j=o;
do{
    if (j%2 !==0) console.log(j);
    j++;
} while(i<=5);
```

6. **Break statements**: These statements are used to exit a loop prematurely.
```
while (i<=5) {
  if (i%2 !==0){
    break;
  }
}
```
7.**Continue statements**: These statements are used to skip to the next iteration of a loop.

To reiterate, control flow statements are essential to programming in JavaScript as they enable developers to execute code based on specific conditions and perform repetitive tasks efficiently.

That was all about the flow statements!!

See you in the next blog!!

