## Reflections and Farewells: Concluding My Transformative Internship Journey

**"Saying goodbye to my internship is bittersweet, but I am filled with gratitude for the mentorship, support, and the chance to contribute to something greater than myself."**

Ahh! What the journey it was.. From being a newbie in the field of web development, who almost searched up the whole youtube to find that one perfect playlist to tick my checkboxes, but destiny had plans for me to be perfect in doing that. During this internship, I realised that it's not just watching the videos but to practice it and encounter the challenges. You learn by doing.

This journey was the perfect epitome of professional atmosphere, the checkins, regular meeting, discussion forums, seeking help from the collegues and what not. Now I feel I am ready to step in the shoes of a professional worker, who is accountable for each and every actions. But really need to work hard on the EODs. 

There were so many people in the organisation who were always ready to help. Speacial thanks to my mentor Amanjot Singh for being so kind and patient for the learner as I am. And all those who made sure all the trainees have a great time here at ryaz. 

As I bid farewell to my internship, I embrace the memories and friendships made, knowing that this experience has ignited the flame of curiosity and ignited my passion for lifelong learning.Leaving behind the walls that nurtured me during my internship, I carry the experiences and lessons as stepping stones towards a future filled with possibilities.

With the conclusion of my internship, I step forward with confidence, armed with the knowledge, skills, and determination to make a meaningful impact in my future endeavors.

Thank you for taking out time to be with me on my journey of proffesional days!

Until we meet again!

~Jasmine.

