## SKRIPER IT IS!
***“Strive for continuous improvement, instead of perfection.”
– Kim Collins***

Ah! Finally feeling accomplished on getting my first standalone web application done that too much better then the figma task. I got this completed within the given time span and I would say the mantra to do that was giving full attention to the layout and spent almost two to three hours on sketching and figuring out the components and dividing it into components! 

Talking about the issues that I was facing until the submission, and surprisingly the solution was quite straightforward and easiest which almost took me two days!!
The problems and solutions are discussed below:

1.**Responsiveness**: The solution was I had set margin-left of two components, after setting it to auto it was all done.

2.**Hover Effects**: I wrote about the hover effects, that it was not applied but they were actually there but were not visible very clearly. This was figured out by my mentor who applied different colours and it worked out, and I felt the DUMBEST!

Another thing that I learned is hosting my website on **vercel**, but there too I faced issues as I have pushed the code in different branches but it was picking only the master branch I searched over the internet the whole day, eventually my mentor came for the rescue, he suggested me the domain name and then edit the branch also told me about hooks in the website and finally I was able to publish my website!!

Why not have a [look]( https://skriper.vercel.app/)  at it! 

Now I am given the assignment to clone the google meet interface! Sounds interesting and crazy at the same time!! Hopefully, I get through this task logically and end up doing it perfectly!!!

Will see you guys after a long weekkkeenndd!! 
~J GILL 

