## Au revoir ImageForge, Bonjour BreachShield
**As we bid adieu to our current creation, let us revel in the thrill of the blank canvas that awaits our artistic touch**

Finally, it's time to put React in practice.

This week I concluded the project of ImageForge (although with some errors which I will see side by side) and upto a new adventure named, BreachShield. This is basically a project based on the cyber security and would be used in an organisation where they expect certain yet basic services, namely Email Breach which basically would check if the email entered is on the dark web or not.
Then the domain breach which checks similar things for a particular domain, then similar thing for password named password checker. It should aslo have the functionality of of hash checking. Lastly, the text to hash conversion. 

For this we have choosed to select the API of "Have I been Pwned". This is a paid API and the organisation accepted to pay for this API. But the only requirement for this site is , it should be very basic and easy to use. So that anyone can use it with ease regardless the background of the employee or the user. Also, that we won't be exposing any API to the world, until it would be live.

So, we begin by designing the design of how the user interface should look like. Again keeping it basic, we choosed to eliminate the Login Page, since this application won't store anything which would be entered by the user. Also, to brush up my react skills, we decided to make it in the REACT framework.

That's all for this week!

See you all super soon, with the complete details.
