## 6/7 Of JavaScript

This is a 6/7 part of my javascript course with Mosh Hamedani, **Arrays!**

Arrays have always been my weakest part in programming, I personally have some issues with it, whereas my fellow students feel that it is quite an easy concept! Anyways, It was in the course, took a sour sip, and dived in. Here is a brief summary of what I have learned throughout this module.

Array in JavaScript is an ordered collection of data values, which can be of any data type including numbers, strings, objects, and even other arrays. They are declared using square brackets [ ]

Here’s how:
```
let myArray = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
```
There are number of operations that can take place in arrays and are listed below:

1. **Accessing the elements of an array**: We can access the values of an array using the index of the element, which starts at 0 for the first element.
```
let thirdElement = myArray[2];//O/P:3
```
2. **Modification of Array**: We can also modify the elements of an array by assigning a new value to a specific index
```
myArray[0] = 10;
```
3. **push()**: adds an element to the end of an array
4. **pop()** :removes the last element of an array
5. **shift()**:removes the first element of an array
6. **unshift()**: adds an element to the beginning of an array
7. **splice()**: removes or adds elements to an array at a specific index
8. **slice()**:returns a new array with a portion of the original array
9. **concat()**:combines two or more arrays into a new array
10. **indexOf()**:returns the index of the first occurrence of a specified element in an array

```
let myArray = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];

myArray.push(6); // adds 6 to the end of the array
myArray.pop(); // removes 5 from the end of the array
myArray.unshift(0); // adds 0 to the beginning of the array
myArray.splice(2, 1); // removes the element at index 2 (which is 3)
let slicedArray = myArray.slice(1, 3); // returns a new array [2, 4]
let concatenatedArray = myArray.concat([6, 7]); // combines myArray with [6, 7] to create a new array [0, 1, 2, 4, 6, 7]
let index = myArray.indexOf(2); // returns 1 (the index of the first occurrence of 2)

``` 
11. **Emptying an array**: We can empty the array by following operations  
```Emptying the array
//Type 1
//most used
 numbers=[];
//Type 2
//Most used when multiple references
numbers.lenght=0;
///Type 3
numbers.splice(0, numbers.length);
```
12. **Arrow functions**:Arrow functions in JavaScript are a shorthand syntax for writing function expressions.
Example:
```
Traditional way: 
function add(a, b) {
  return a + b;
}
```
Arrow Function:
```
const add = (a, b) => {
  return a + b;
}
```
These were the basic concepts that I learned throughout the module. 
Will see you with the basics of Functions in next blog
~J Gill

