## Triumph Through Trials!!

**“Aiming for perfection is an impossible task. Learn to determine when your code is ‘good enough’ to meet the core requirements. Let go of unattainable standards and embrace imperfection to a reasonable extent.”**

The last two days were so productive after continuous failures in the task I decided to contact my mentor who explained to me that google has a lot of hidden elements which are hard to find. For the icons, he told me to use the material (which he told me earlier too). For the display, padding, margin, and other stuff use my previous knowledge. So, decided to start from scratch. I started my hunt for the icons on the material and eventually, I succeed after I know to customize it according to my design thanks to a lot of google websites that took me to the solution. I decided to follow my own way to design the footer, which is actually the options bar. I decided to split it into three divs and then further to the required divs and give them display flex and direction row which suitable margin and padding and within no time I was able to make the footer that too very close to the actual design. After attaining success in that I decided to make the main body on a consequent day. With the same zeal, I started over again but was faced with some problems. The first was the positioning of the mic on the upper right corner, I allotted some properties of flex to make it to the right corner but it was not changing its position from left to right, then I gave it a dimension and fixed position, which solved my problem. Then the user profile was not getting proper space and it was not responsive on the other displays, then after some time I decided to give the height in “vh”, which worked out as a solution for me! 

And eventually, I was able to make the website in two days which can be surfed via [link](https://deploy-preview-1--calm-mousse-eec214.netlify.app/). After all these days of failures and getting up back to start over again I realized that giving up should never be the option as the coders learn by doing!

Now, I am one assignment far from getting to the next step, for which I am nervous!! 🤓

See you in next!

~J Gill
