## January 18,2023

Today I am assigned to cover the topics of transformations, transition, and Animation along with Writing clean, Maintainable CSS.
 
In Transformations, Transitions, and Animation, I was made familiar with various topics discussed below
**Transformation** is the property that allows us to rotate (to rotate a certain object), scale(to make it large or small), skew(to tilt them to left and right), and translate(positioning them on screen) example code to show these properties:
```
Hover:.box:hover{
transform:rotate(15 deg) scale(1.5) skew (15deg)
}
```
It makes it easier to position using the translate property. 
For 3-D transformation, there is a minute change in the code:
Transform: translatez(50px)  //the z denotes the 3-D transformation.
**CSS transitions** provide a way to control animation speed when changing CSS properties. This can be applied to the box instead of hovering. The code is:
Transition: transform 0.5s linear/ease-out/ease-in
**CSS Animations** is a method for altering the look and behavior of various web page elements. There is a @keyframe rule in animations, They specify how the animation will appear at each stage over its whole runtime. For instance: The paragraph's color gradually changes in the code below. It is red when it is 0% complete, orange when it is 50% complete, and brown when it is 100% complete.
 ```
 @keyframes color {
        0% {
            background-color: red;
        }
        50% {
            background-color: orange;
        }
        100% {
            background-color: brown;
        }
    }
 ```
Tip: type ‘ani..’ the IDE will give the full syntax, key on replacing the property name with the numerical figures.
There is a provision for **reusing the animations,** that is if we want to apply same animation to some other element we can reuse it by following code:
```
Animation-pop{
//All the properties which you want
}
Then In HTML, in div we can embed it by:
<div class= “box” animation-pop>
```
Next, were tips for **writing clean, maintainable CSS,** some best practices are stated below:
i)Maintain Naming Conventions
ii)Divide the code in Logical sections
iii) Avoid over-specific selectors
iv)DRY(Don’t repeat yourself), and many others!
Lastly, **BEM which stands for Block Element Modifier**
Block is a stand-alone entity that is meaningful on its own. Example: header, container, menu
Element is the part of the block that has no standalone meaning and is semantically tied to its block. Example: menu list etc. 
To represent block and element always use double underscore (__)
eg:.card__header// where card is the block and header the element.
The modifier is a flag on the block or element. It is used to change appearance or behavior. Example: highlighted.
To represent block and modifier always use a double hyphen (--)
eg:.card–popular// where card is the block and popular the element.

Signing off! 

~J Gill


